I fought with you
Stubborn
deserve it
This is the Queen's Order of Senluo Hall
Command the world
Don't dare to obey
Don't you want to know the truth of the pastor's sister?
Real identity?
He was originally the young history of Senluo Hall
Abandoned the sword and went into hiding three years ago
Now by the order of the master
Take over the Queen's Question of Senluo Hall
In charge of the 100,000 steps of Senluo Hall all over the country
Mobilizing a million troops at the border
Defend the country
Thief
Senior sister
Don't kneel
The Governor of Red Dust, Sun Jihai, visits the Queen
Meet the Queen
I was blind just now
Offended the queen
Please forgive me
The crime you committed
own legal ruling
Sun Jihai is there
You handle it
Yes!
Wei Yang
Why hasn't Qinghe come down yet?
Sister, don't worry.
I'll go up and see for myself
Don't move, don't come
Don't move, step back, step back
Gather and release Jupiter
Searching for the only way out of this dormitory
I'm going your way out
Now that you've discovered me and Kameda
Tae-hoon's plan
Leaving the city is my only way out
Now.
Let me go or else
I'll kill him.
Let him be buried with me